Rework spin-redirect to Non-WAGI & support for custom status codes (#6)
fermyon/spin-redirect: README.md

This is not a Spin application in itself but a component that can be used in applications to redirect a route.

## Configuration

The `spin-redirect` component can be configured to address your needs in different scenarios. `spin-redirect` tries to load configuration data from multiple places in the specified order:

1. Spin component configuration
2. Environment variables

The following table outlines available configuration values:

| Key           | Description                                           | Default Value    |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `destination` | Where should the component redirect to                | *(empty string)* |

> | `statuscode`  | What HTTP status code should be used when redirecting | `302`            |

Reviewer: Shall we add a mention here (or perhaps elsewhere in these docs; whichever you'd like) of the supported status codes and the fallback/default when an unsupported code is used?

Author: Documentation updated: Now all valid status codes are listed

> The `spin-redirect` component tries to lookup the config value in the Spin component configuration using the keys shown in the table above (lower case). If desired key is not present, it tries transforms the key to upper case (e.g., `DESTINATION`) and checks environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `spin-redirect` component tries to look up the config value in the Spin component configuration using the keys shown in the table above (lower case). If desired key is not present, it transforms the key to upper case (e.g., `DESTINATION`) and checks environment variables.
```
